# More Complex Usage

## Flags For fileSorter.py

1. `--logDir`
   
   By default, the fileSorter script generates `Logs` folder in the current working directory if none exists. Then it would place all log files in that `Logs` folder. When this flag is passed, it takes the input as an absolute path to the directory to store log files. All generated log files would be stored there. 

2. `--nolog`
   
   If the user does not want log files (generated by default) for any reason, the user can pass this flag to disable logging to files. Using this flag **IS NOT RECOMMENDED** because the script moves files around, making files harder to find if user/script errors occur. All file moves are logged as INFO in the logging module and is not passed to STDOUT by default. Therefor, passing this flag may create difficulties retrieving files. 

3. `-verbose` or `-v`
   
   This increases the level of logging **ONLY** to STDOUT and does not influence the log files. Passing this flag increases verbosity to include INFO messages in addition to WARNING messages. 

4. `-vv` 
   
   Pass this to further increase verbosity to include DEBUG messages in addition to INFO messages.. 

5. `--quiet` or `-q`
   
   This decreases the verbosity **ONLY** to STDOUT and does not influence the log files. When this flag is passed, WARNING level log messages are no longer passed to STDOUT. 

6. `-qq`  or  `-qqq`
   
   When `-qq` flag is passed, ERROR level log messages are no longer passed to STDOUT. When `-qqq` flag is passed, CRITICAL level log messages are no longer passed to STDOUT. Use `-qqq` with caution, as it disables logging to STDOUT entirely. 

7. `--rootDir`
   
   This flag specifies the root directory for fileSorter.py to traverse. It overrides the default assumption that the current working directory as the root directory for sorting. 

## Advanced Config Options For fileSorter.py

1. `absoluteDir =`
   
   This feature allows you to specify folders not directly under the specified root directory for sorting. It can be an outside directory or a directory nested deeper in the root directory. 

2. `regex_tag =`
   
   This option allows users to specify a regular expression tag to match against files as a custom tag. This allows the user more versatility with filename tags. The filename doesn't need to follow the `TAG_name.extension` format unless the user wishes the program to group different versions of files together. If so, the user needs to obey the format `REGEX-TAG_FilenameVersion.extension`, such as `A7D_ProjectV1.0.txt` matched against `regex_tag = A\dD`. 

3. `tag_separator =`
   
   This is something for users to customize. If the user does not wish to use the "\_" as a tag separator, the user can select their own custom **string**. For example, `tag_separator = (sep)` would allow for `TAG(sep)filename` to be used. 

## Flags for initFileSorter.py

1. `--rootDir`
   
   This flag specifies the root directory for initFileSorter.py to store the config files and to create config files for. It overrides the default assumption that the current working directory as the root directory for initialization.

2. `--genBinIgnored`
   
   Passing this option would generate a specific ignored file for each individual file bin. This applies on a smaller scope and may be useful at times. 

3. `--includeDir`
   
   This allows the user to include a directory not directly under the given root directory. This can be an folder external to the root directory, or nested deeper in the root directory. 
